NAME                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
dfs-858bcc688c-fnwrr                         0/1     Running   0          73s
dfuserver-5bf97b75-6xlvc                     0/1     Running   0          75s
eclqueries-68f88d7d-24q7w                    0/1     Running   0          74s
eclscheduler-99694b5cb-4kl4r                 0/1     Running   0          74s
eclservices-899ff67dd-9gr8p                  0/1     Running   0          74s
eclwatch-6c87ff55d9-5vsh5                    0/1     Running   0          74s
esdl-sandbox-654746d59b-p47n5                0/1     Running   0          74s
hthor-74bdcdb8b4-7nfwq                       0/1     Running   0          75s
mydali-649b8f848f-vnlht                      2/2     Running   0          75s
myeclccserver-645db8b8bf-l9bq6               0/1     Running   0          74s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-hhxqc               0/1     Running   0          73s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-vpxqh               0/1     Running   0          73s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-klmw7               0/1     Running   0          73s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-r25n5               0/1     Running   0          72s
roxie-toposerver-6d4975b99-t79j9             1/1     Running   0          73s
roxie-workunit-5d969b4dcf-xs69s              0/1     Running   0          75s
sasha-dfurecovery-archiver-6f754c985-n2jlp   0/1     Running   0          72s
sasha-dfuwu-archiver-6ff84fdcb8-9rghb        0/1     Running   0          72s
sasha-file-expiry-5c456497c7-zt5tj           0/1     Running   0          72s
sasha-wu-archiver-947585d94-z2ksf            0/1     Running   0          72s
spray-service-79fd8fdcf4-5mxpt               1/1     Running   0          75s
sql2ecl-5d645577c4-hql92                     0/1     Running   0          73s
thor-eclagent-7cd68b5c7d-g7hng               1/1     Running   0          71s
thor-thoragent-f85b97559-b5xr6               1/1     Running   0          71s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS     AGE
dfs-858bcc688c-fnwrr                         1/1     Running   0            85s
dfuserver-5bf97b75-6xlvc                     1/1     Running   0            87s
eclqueries-68f88d7d-24q7w                    0/1     Running   1 (8s ago)   86s
eclscheduler-99694b5cb-4kl4r                 1/1     Running   0            86s
eclservices-899ff67dd-9gr8p                  0/1     Running   1 (6s ago)   86s
eclwatch-6c87ff55d9-5vsh5                    0/1     Running   1 (7s ago)   86s
esdl-sandbox-654746d59b-p47n5                1/1     Running   0            86s
hthor-74bdcdb8b4-7nfwq                       1/1     Running   0            87s
mydali-649b8f848f-vnlht                      2/2     Running   0            87s
myeclccserver-645db8b8bf-l9bq6               1/1     Running   0            86s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-hhxqc               0/1     Running   0            85s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-vpxqh               0/1     Running   0            85s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-klmw7               1/1     Running   0            85s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-r25n5               1/1     Running   0            84s
roxie-toposerver-6d4975b99-t79j9             1/1     Running   0            85s
roxie-workunit-5d969b4dcf-xs69s              1/1     Running   0            87s
sasha-dfurecovery-archiver-6f754c985-n2jlp   1/1     Running   0            84s
sasha-dfuwu-archiver-6ff84fdcb8-9rghb        1/1     Running   0            84s
sasha-file-expiry-5c456497c7-zt5tj           1/1     Running   0            84s
sasha-wu-archiver-947585d94-z2ksf            1/1     Running   0            84s
spray-service-79fd8fdcf4-5mxpt               1/1     Running   0            87s
sql2ecl-5d645577c4-hql92                     1/1     Running   0            85s
thor-eclagent-7cd68b5c7d-g7hng               1/1     Running   0            83s
thor-thoragent-f85b97559-b5xr6               1/1     Running   0            83s
NAME                                         READY   STATUS             RESTARTS      AGE
dfs-858bcc688c-fnwrr                         1/1     Running            0             9m2s
dfuserver-5bf97b75-6xlvc                     1/1     Running            0             9m4s
eclqueries-68f88d7d-24q7w                    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (85s ago)   9m3s
eclscheduler-99694b5cb-4kl4r                 1/1     Running            0             9m3s
eclservices-899ff67dd-9gr8p                  0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (91s ago)   9m3s
eclwatch-6c87ff55d9-5vsh5                    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (74s ago)   9m3s
esdl-sandbox-654746d59b-p47n5                1/1     Running            0             9m3s
hthor-74bdcdb8b4-7nfwq                       1/1     Running            0             9m4s
mydali-649b8f848f-vnlht                      2/2     Running            0             9m4s
myeclccserver-645db8b8bf-l9bq6               1/1     Running            0             9m3s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-hhxqc               1/1     Running            0             9m2s
roxie-agent-1-747dc59f9d-vpxqh               1/1     Running            0             9m2s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-klmw7               1/1     Running            0             9m2s
roxie-agent-2-64f4f4fbd5-r25n5               1/1     Running            0             9m1s
roxie-toposerver-6d4975b99-t79j9             1/1     Running            0             9m2s
roxie-workunit-5d969b4dcf-xs69s              1/1     Running            0             9m4s
sasha-dfurecovery-archiver-6f754c985-n2jlp   1/1     Running            0             9m1s
sasha-dfuwu-archiver-6ff84fdcb8-9rghb        1/1     Running            0             9m1s
sasha-file-expiry-5c456497c7-zt5tj           1/1     Running            0             9m1s
sasha-wu-archiver-947585d94-z2ksf            1/1     Running            0             9m1s
spray-service-79fd8fdcf4-5mxpt               1/1     Running            0             9m4s
sql2ecl-5d645577c4-hql92                     1/1     Running            0             9m2s
thor-eclagent-7cd68b5c7d-g7hng               1/1     Running            0             9m
thor-thoragent-f85b97559-b5xr6               1/1     Running            0             9m
